Explanation of Treatments
Acne:
Acne is assessed individually for active acne and acne scars. A variety of lasers, topical and microneedling treatments will be used to treat the face and /or back.

Barbed threads:
PDO (dissolvable threads) are placed under the skin and the barb is used to lift the face. The threads begin dissolving approximately at 12 months, long columns of collagen replace where the thread was to create long lasting lift. This treatment can be done for the forehead, eyebrows, cheeks, midface, jowels, jawline and neck. It is not a permanent treatment and will need to be repeated every 12-18 months for long lasting results. There is soreness, but no downtime for this treatment.

​Botox or Dysport:
Medication that is injected just under the skin into the muscle, it prevents muscles from communicating with each other and contracting, therefore relaxing the wrinkle. Almost everyone is a candidate. It is temporary.

Chemical Peels:
We offer a variety of chemical peel treatments in our office. Chemical peels are used to smooth and improve the complexion and texture of skin. Chemical peels help to even out skin tone, reduce fine lines, sun damage, brown spots and wrinkles by removing the outermost layer of skin.

Complexion Code Plus Peel:
​The Complexion Code Plus peel is professional strength. The initial treatment is done in the office and then at home with a take home kit.

Dissolve filler:
​If you are unhappy with filler placed by another office, we can dissolve the filler for you with the medication, hylenex.

Erbium Resurfacing Laser: (Two Options)
Option 1 – The mild resurfacing (aka Weekend Laser Peel):
It is a fractionated 2940 wavelength erbium laser, which targets the water under your skin to cause a mild controlled ablation to the entire surface. You will look sunburned for 2 days then on day 3 you will peel, it treats melasma, brown spots, red spots, facial scars, fine lines, texture and tightens the skin. Most skin types are a candidate and you will have 1 day of downtime (on day 3 when you peel).

Option 2 – Full Face Erbium Resurfacing:
This same 2940 erbium laser treats all the of skin to a deeper level, this laser is great if you want a very deep resurfacing, with fresh baby skin as the result. It is great for deep acne scars, heavier wrinkles, will tighten and tone your skin. You WILL have 5-6 days of social downtime following the procedure. Most skin types are candidates, but must be assessed.

Filler:
(Hyaluronic Acid) A synthetic form of a natural occurring component in the body composed of sugar molecules. Filler can be placed all over the face, including lips, under eyes, cheeks, temples, and jawline. As well as neck and hands.

Laser Hair Removal:
A series of 6-10 treatments using a laser to achieve 95% semi permanent reduction in hair. There is no downtime to this laser.

Laser phototherapy Genesis:
A safe 1064 ND yag laser, applied to the skin for about 25 minutes, this laser will tone, tighten and lift the skin. It can be done to the neck and chest as well. Safe and effective for all skin types, multiple treatments gives best results. There is no downtime.

Laser phototherapy Limelight:
This laser is actually a light therapy, used to treat brown spots (sun damage) as well as red spots. Not every skin type is a candidate, and must be assessed individually for candidacy. This is a no downtime laser.

Laser phototherapy (Microgenesis):
A quick freshen up to tighten the outmost skin surface helping with fine lines and skin laxity, works best on the neck, décolleté and arms. Most skin types are a candidate. No downtime.

Microneeding:
A small instrument with tiny needles create controlled little punctures to the skin, which in turn causes your body to heal itself with the production of collagen.

PRF injection:
You can skip the microneedle portion and inject strait fibrin into any areas of concern. This would be a more natural approach than filler and you should plan on doing fibrin injections 2-4 times per year, it will create a subtle improvement in volume in the areas of injection along with producing long term collagen production in those areas.

Plasma Gel Injections:
Plasma gel is created by drawing your blood, we then spin it in a centrifuge and by a process of heating and cooling it, make it a 100% natural gel filler. This gel filler can be placed any where you would need filler. It is thicker than the plasma fibrin, can be used in the temples, cheeks, undereye, midface, lips, around the mouth, neck and hands. It is very safe, very natural and most everyone is a candidate. This treatment can be done in lieu of filler or in conjunction with filler.

Radiesse:
A combination of filler and a biostimulator. This combo gives you both immediate results with volume, followed by long term collagen and elastin production. We utilize Radiesse in two ways, first to mimic deep bony structure for cheeks and jawline contouring and second, we dilute the product to place just under the skin of the face/ neck for fines lines, crepy , loose sagging skin. The biostimulatory quality greatly improves the skin with collagen and elastin production. There is no downtime to this procedure, however, bruising and swelling is always a risk when needles are placed into the skin.

Sculptra:
Sculptra a biostimulator, meaning that it stimulates your body to grow its own collagen. It helps create volume where your volume has been lost or in places you just want a little more. It is a more natural, slow transformation than filler, for example, as you will have immediate volume when filler is placed, that volume will settle down and you will grow your own volume creating collagen over approximately 3 months. It is great for someone who wants a subtle transformation and no one knowing they had anything “done”, but they just start to look more refreshed. It can be placed all over the face, neck, hands and buttocks (for the hip/ dip).

Smooth PDO Threads:
Very small PDO (dissolvable threads) are placed in areas of skin that need smoothing out or volume enhancement. The smooth threads begin dissolving at 6 weeks and a natural collagen column is formed in its place.

Spot Removal:
Includes many types of spots such as: small blood vessels, cherry spots, moles, skin tags and warts. We posses a variety of lasers with which we can use to treat these spots. We may use a single or combination of lasers to treat these. Multiple treatments may be needed and can be done on most skin types.

SylfirmX:
Radio Frequency (RF)  microneedling. Using both pulsed wave and continuous wave RF heat to stimulate collagen production. This collagen works to improve pore size, signs of aging, skin laxity, pigmentation, acne, & skin tone and texture. After the procedure you have multiple small channels in the skin, we then pour stem cell derived exosomes over the treated area, which provides nutrients for cellular growth.  There is no downtime time to this procedure. Works great  for face, neck, chest and hands, but can be used on any part of the body to address stretch marks, scars and skin laxity.

Twilight Facial (microneedling with PRF):
PRF is platelet rich fibrin, this is the portion of your own blood that is filled with the good stuff; ie: the building blocks for stem cells, collagen and elastin. You start to loose collagen around age 26. This treatment will stimulate your body’s own repair system to rebuild itself. Your own blood is drawn and spun down in a centrifuge, the PRF is drawn out and microneedled back into your skin. It can be done on the face, neck, chest, hands, arms, knees or an area that has been scarred. The twilight facial also includes injections as we often have fibrin left over it will be used to inject directly into areas of the face that may have some collagen loss, such as under the eyes, temples, cheeks, lips.

Vaginal Rejuvenation Laser:
This treatment uses a handpiece similar to a speculum to place a laser inside the vagina. It works to tighten the vaginal vault, you may experience laxity naturally, after childbirth, or with the normal aging process. This treatment also helps with mild to moderate urinary incontinence, vaginal dryness, decreased sensation, difficulty reaching orgasm. There is no downtime with this laser.

Vein Removal:
A 1064 wavelength laser can be used to treat spider veins and reticular veins on the face and legs. Multiple treatments may be needed and can be done on most skin types.